incident_id
action.environmental.notes
action.environmental.variety.Deterioration
action.environmental.variety.Earthquake
action.environmental.variety.EMI
action.environmental.variety.ESD
action.environmental.variety.Fire
action.environmental.variety.Flood
action.environmental.variety.Hazmat
action.environmental.variety.Humidity
action.environmental.variety.Hurricane
action.environmental.variety.Ice
action.environmental.variety.Landslide
action.environmental.variety.Leak
action.environmental.variety.Lightning
action.environmental.variety.Meteorite
action.environmental.variety.Other
action.environmental.variety.Particulates
action.environmental.variety.Pathogen
action.environmental.variety.Power failure
action.environmental.variety.Temperature
action.environmental.variety.Tornado
action.environmental.variety.Tsunami
action.environmental.variety.Unknown
action.environmental.variety.Vermin
action.environmental.variety.Volcano
action.environmental.variety.Wind
action.error.notes
action.error.variety.Capacity shortage
action.error.variety.Classification error
action.error.variety.Data entry error
action.error.variety.Disposal error
action.error.variety.Gaffe
action.error.variety.Loss
action.error.variety.Maintenance error
action.error.variety.Malfunction
action.error.variety.Misconfiguration
action.error.variety.Misdelivery
action.error.variety.Misinformation
action.error.variety.Other
action.error.variety.Physical accidents
action.error.variety.Programming error
action.error.variety.Publishing error
action.error.variety.Unknown
action.error.vector.Carelessness
action.error.vector.Inadequate personnel
action.error.vector.Inadequate processes
action.error.vector.Inadequate technology
action.error.vector.Other
action.error.vector.Random error
action.error.vector.Unknown
action.error.vector.Web application
action.hacking.cve
action.hacking.notes
action.hacking.result.Deploy payload
action.hacking.result.Elevate
action.hacking.result.Exfiltrate
action.hacking.result.Infiltrate
action.hacking.result.Lateral movement
action.hacking.result.NA
action.hacking.result.Other
action.hacking.result.Persist
action.hacking.result.Unknown
action.hacking.variety.Abuse of functionality
action.hacking.variety.AitM
action.hacking.variety.Backdoor
action.hacking.variety.Brute force
action.hacking.variety.Buffer overflow
action.hacking.variety.Cache poisoning
action.hacking.variety.Cryptanalysis
action.hacking.variety.CSRF
action.hacking.variety.Disable controls
action.hacking.variety.DoS
action.hacking.variety.Evade Defenses
action.hacking.variety.Exploit misconfig
action.hacking.variety.Exploit vuln
action.hacking.variety.Forced browsing
action.hacking.variety.Format string attack
action.hacking.variety.Fuzz testing
action.hacking.variety.Hijack
action.hacking.variety.HTTP request smuggling
action.hacking.variety.HTTP request splitting
action.hacking.variety.HTTP response smuggling
action.hacking.variety.HTTP response splitting
action.hacking.variety.Insecure deserialization
action.hacking.variety.Integer overflows
action.hacking.variety.LDAP injection
action.hacking.variety.Mail command injection
action.hacking.variety.Null byte injection
action.hacking.variety.Offline cracking
action.hacking.variety.OS commanding
action.hacking.variety.Other
action.hacking.variety.Pass-the-hash
action.hacking.variety.Path traversal
action.hacking.variety.Profile host
action.hacking.variety.Reverse engineering
action.hacking.variety.RFI
action.hacking.variety.Routing detour
action.hacking.variety.Scan network
action.hacking.variety.Session fixation
action.hacking.variety.Session prediction
action.hacking.variety.Session replay
action.hacking.variety.Soap array abuse
action.hacking.variety.Special element injection
action.hacking.variety.SQLi
action.hacking.variety.SSI injection
action.hacking.variety.Unknown
action.hacking.variety.URL redirector abuse
action.hacking.variety.Use of stolen creds
action.hacking.variety.User breakout
action.hacking.variety.Virtual machine escape
action.hacking.variety.XML attribute blowup
action.hacking.variety.XML entity expansion
action.hacking.variety.XML external entities
action.hacking.variety.XML injection
action.hacking.variety.XPath injection
action.hacking.variety.XQuery injection
action.hacking.variety.XSS
action.hacking.vector.3rd party desktop
action.hacking.vector.Backdoor
action.hacking.vector.Command shell
action.hacking.vector.Desktop sharing
action.hacking.vector.Desktop sharing software
action.hacking.vector.Hypervisor
action.hacking.vector.Inter-tenant
action.hacking.vector.Other
action.hacking.vector.Other network service
action.hacking.vector.Partner
action.hacking.vector.Physical access
action.hacking.vector.Unknown
action.hacking.vector.VPN
action.hacking.vector.Web application
action.malware.cve
action.malware.name
action.malware.notes
action.malware.result.Deploy payload
action.malware.result.Elevate
action.malware.result.Exfiltrate
action.malware.result.Infiltrate
action.malware.result.Lateral movement
action.malware.result.NA
action.malware.result.Other
action.malware.result.Persist
action.malware.result.Unknown
action.malware.variety.Adminware
action.malware.variety.Adware
action.malware.variety.AitM
action.malware.variety.Backdoor
action.malware.variety.Backdoor or C2
action.malware.variety.Brute force
action.malware.variety.C2
action.malware.variety.Capture app data
action.malware.variety.Capture stored data
action.malware.variety.Click fraud
action.malware.variety.Click fraud and cryptocurrency mining
action.malware.variety.Client-side attack
action.malware.variety.Cryptocurrency mining
action.malware.variety.Destroy data
action.malware.variety.Disable controls
action.malware.variety.DoS
action.malware.variety.Downloader
action.malware.variety.Evade Defenses
action.malware.variety.Exploit misconfig
action.malware.variety.Exploit vuln
action.malware.variety.Export data
action.malware.variety.In-memory
action.malware.variety.Modify data
action.malware.variety.Other
action.malware.variety.Packet sniffer
action.malware.variety.Pass-the-hash
action.malware.variety.Password dumper
action.malware.variety.Profile host
action.malware.variety.RAM scraper
action.malware.variety.Ransomware
action.malware.variety.RAT
action.malware.variety.Rootkit
action.malware.variety.Scan network
action.malware.variety.Spam
action.malware.variety.Spyware/Keylogger
action.malware.variety.Trojan
action.malware.variety.Unknown
action.malware.variety.Worm
action.malware.vector.C2
action.malware.vector.Direct install
action.malware.vector.Download by malware
action.malware.vector.Email
action.malware.vector.Email attachment
action.malware.vector.Email autoexecute
action.malware.vector.Email link
action.malware.vector.Email other
action.malware.vector.Email unknown
action.malware.vector.Instant messaging
action.malware.vector.Network propagation
action.malware.vector.Other
action.malware.vector.Partner
action.malware.vector.Remote injection
action.malware.vector.Removable media
action.malware.vector.Software update
action.malware.vector.Unknown
action.malware.vector.Web application
action.malware.vector.Web application - download
action.malware.vector.Web application - drive-by
action.misuse.notes
action.misuse.result.Deploy payload
action.misuse.result.Elevate
action.misuse.result.Exfiltrate
action.misuse.result.Infiltrate
action.misuse.result.Lateral movement
action.misuse.result.NA
action.misuse.result.Other
action.misuse.result.Persist
action.misuse.result.Unknown
action.misuse.variety.Data mishandling
action.misuse.variety.Email misuse
action.misuse.variety.Evade Defenses
action.misuse.variety.Illicit content
action.misuse.variety.Knowledge abuse
action.misuse.variety.Net misuse
action.misuse.variety.Other
action.misuse.variety.Password or Session Sharing
action.misuse.variety.Possession abuse
action.misuse.variety.Privilege abuse
action.misuse.variety.Snap picture
action.misuse.variety.Unapproved hardware
action.misuse.variety.Unapproved software
action.misuse.variety.Unapproved workaround
action.misuse.variety.Unknown
action.misuse.vector.LAN access
action.misuse.vector.Non-corporate
action.misuse.vector.Other
action.misuse.vector.Physical access
action.misuse.vector.Remote access
action.misuse.vector.Unknown
action.misuse.vector.Web application
action.physical.notes
action.physical.result.Deploy payload
action.physical.result.Elevate
action.physical.result.Exfiltrate
action.physical.result.Infiltrate
action.physical.result.Lateral movement
action.physical.result.NA
action.physical.result.Other
action.physical.result.Persist
action.physical.result.Unknown
action.physical.variety.Assault
action.physical.variety.Bypassed controls
action.physical.variety.Connection
action.physical.variety.Destruction
action.physical.variety.Disabled controls
action.physical.variety.Evade Defenses
action.physical.variety.Other
action.physical.variety.Skimmer
action.physical.variety.Snooping
action.physical.variety.Surveillance
action.physical.variety.Tampering
action.physical.variety.Theft
action.physical.variety.Unknown
action.physical.variety.Wiretapping
action.physical.vector.Other
action.physical.vector.Partner facility
action.physical.vector.Partner vehicle
action.physical.vector.Personal residence
action.physical.vector.Personal vehicle
action.physical.vector.Public facility
action.physical.vector.Public vehicle
action.physical.vector.Unknown
action.physical.vector.Victim grounds
action.physical.vector.Victim public area
action.physical.vector.Victim secure area
action.physical.vector.Victim work area
action.social.notes
action.social.result.Deploy payload
action.social.result.Elevate
action.social.result.Exfiltrate
action.social.result.Infiltrate
action.social.result.Lateral movement
action.social.result.NA
action.social.result.Other
action.social.result.Persist
action.social.result.Unknown
action.social.target.Auditor
action.social.target.Call center
action.social.target.Cashier
action.social.target.Customer
action.social.target.Developer
action.social.target.End-user
action.social.target.End-user or employee
action.social.target.Executive
action.social.target.Finance
action.social.target.Former employee
action.social.target.Guard
action.social.target.Helpdesk
action.social.target.Human resources
action.social.target.Maintenance
action.social.target.Manager
action.social.target.Other
action.social.target.Other employee
action.social.target.Partner
action.social.target.System admin
action.social.target.Unknown
action.social.variety.Baiting
action.social.variety.Bribery
action.social.variety.Elicitation
action.social.variety.Evade Defenses
action.social.variety.Extortion
action.social.variety.Forgery
action.social.variety.Influence
action.social.variety.Other
action.social.variety.Phishing
action.social.variety.Pretexting
action.social.variety.Prompt bombing
action.social.variety.Propaganda
action.social.variety.Scam
action.social.variety.Spam
action.social.variety.Unknown
action.social.vector.Documents
action.social.vector.Email
action.social.vector.IM
action.social.vector.In-person
action.social.vector.Other
action.social.vector.Partner
action.social.vector.Phone
action.social.vector.Removable media
action.social.vector.SMS
action.social.vector.Social media
action.social.vector.Software
action.social.vector.Unknown
action.social.vector.Web application
action.unknown.notes
action.unknown.result.Deploy payload
action.unknown.result.Elevate
action.unknown.result.Exfiltrate
action.unknown.result.Infiltrate
action.unknown.result.Lateral movement
action.unknown.result.NA
action.unknown.result.Other
action.unknown.result.Persist
action.unknown.result.Unknown
actor.external.motive.Convenience
actor.external.motive.Espionage
actor.external.motive.Fear
actor.external.motive.Financial
actor.external.motive.Fun
actor.external.motive.Grudge
actor.external.motive.Ideology
actor.external.motive.NA
actor.external.motive.Other
actor.external.motive.Secondary
actor.external.motive.Unknown
attribute.availability.duration.value
attribute.availability.notes
attribute.availability.variety.Acceleration
attribute.availability.variety.Degradation
attribute.availability.variety.Destruction
attribute.availability.variety.Interruption
attribute.availability.variety.Loss
attribute.availability.variety.Obscuration
attribute.availability.variety.Other
attribute.availability.variety.Unknown
attribute.confidentiality.data_disclosure.No
attribute.confidentiality.data_disclosure.Potentially
attribute.confidentiality.data_disclosure.Unknown
attribute.confidentiality.data_disclosure.Yes
attribute.confidentiality.data_total
attribute.confidentiality.data_victim.Customer
attribute.confidentiality.data_victim.Employee
attribute.confidentiality.data_victim.Other
attribute.confidentiality.data_victim.Partner
attribute.confidentiality.data_victim.Patient
attribute.confidentiality.data_victim.Student
attribute.confidentiality.data_victim.Unknown
attribute.confidentiality.data_victim.Victim organization
attribute.confidentiality.notes
attribute.confidentiality.state.Other
attribute.confidentiality.state.Printed
attribute.confidentiality.state.Processed
attribute.confidentiality.state.Stored
attribute.confidentiality.state.Stored encrypted
attribute.confidentiality.state.Stored unencrypted
attribute.confidentiality.state.Transmitted
attribute.confidentiality.state.Transmitted encrypted
attribute.confidentiality.state.Transmitted unencrypted
attribute.confidentiality.state.Unknown
discovery_method.external.variety.Actor disclosure
discovery_method.external.variety.Audit
discovery_method.external.variety.Customer
discovery_method.external.variety.Emergency response team
discovery_method.external.variety.Found documents
discovery_method.external.variety.Fraud detection
discovery_method.external.variety.Incident response
discovery_method.external.variety.Law enforcement
discovery_method.external.variety.Other
discovery_method.external.variety.Security researcher
discovery_method.external.variety.Suspicious traffic
discovery_method.external.variety.Unknown
discovery_method.external.variety.Unrelated 3rd party
discovery_method.internal.variety.Antivirus
discovery_method.internal.variety.Break in discovered
discovery_method.internal.variety.Data loss prevention
discovery_method.internal.variety.Financial audit
discovery_method.internal.variety.Fraud detection
discovery_method.internal.variety.Hids
discovery_method.internal.variety.Incident response
discovery_method.internal.variety.Infrastructure monitoring
discovery_method.internal.variety.It review
discovery_method.internal.variety.Log review
discovery_method.internal.variety.Nids
discovery_method.internal.variety.Offboarding
discovery_method.internal.variety.Other
discovery_method.internal.variety.Reported by employee
discovery_method.internal.variety.Security alarm
discovery_method.internal.variety.Unknown
discovery_method.partner.variety.Antivirus
discovery_method.partner.variety.Audit
discovery_method.partner.variety.Incident response
discovery_method.partner.variety.Monitoring service
discovery_method.partner.variety.Other
discovery_method.partner.variety.Unknown
discovery_notes